* Week 2:
    → debugging, through printf and debugger
    → compile through clang, not make
    → Under the hood of compiling:
        - prepossesing -> finds method declarations from header files to perform in-build functions existing because of that header files.
        - compiling -> Converts the code into assembly code.
        - assemling -> Converts the assembly code into source code, converts all the code including header files code.
        - linking -> linking our code with header files source code.
    → Array
    → Array of characters (string)
    → NUL / '\0'

* Week 3:
    → Attendence check
    → Array is like a locker, we need to open the locker to see what's inside that, close that locker and move on to the next locker(index). c can access only one value at a time.
    → linear search and binary search
    → Time complexity:
        big O : for "worst" case, the code will not take more than this time.
        omega : for "best" case, the code will take atleast this time.
        theta : for "average" case, the code will take exact this order of time.
    → asymptotic notation : how fast an algorithm grows as input grows.
        when n becomes larger:
            this notation tells us:
                - which algorithm is faster?
                - which one scales better?
    → Struct
    → Sorting
    → Selection Sort
    → Bubble Sort
    → Recursion
    → Print half pyraid using backtracking.
    → Merge sort
    → The comparison of time in solving a sorting problem using three different sorts- bubble sort(takes the max time), merge sort(takes the min time) and selection sort(takes more than ,erge, but less than bubble).


* Week 4: Memory
    → rgb and pixels - representation of FF as 255, this FFFFFF stands for white and more colors.
    → hexadecimal
    → know memory address using & and format specifier %p
    → pointer
        int *p = &a;
            meaning, a "pointer" 'p' stores "address" of 'a'
    → strcmp
        s == t (it compares address of the firts characters of those two string)
        strcmp(s, t) (it compares character by character)
    → malloc and free 
    → NULL
    → valgrind (is like dubug50 - a debugger tool)
    → swapping through pointers
    → scanf
    → file operation - fopen, fclose, fread, fwrite, fprintf, fscanf, fseek, etc..

    ^ Doug lloys'd important videos:
        → Defining custom data types
        → Dynamic memory allocations - last exercise
        → call stack - factorial exercise, go to factorial.c


